[Music]
seven reasons why you need to do playing
everyday planks are one of the most
effective exercises you can do at home
they don't take much time or effort and
you don't have to wait long for tangible
results
several incredible changes will happen
to your body if you do this exercise
regularly for instance it can help give
you a mood boost watch the video to find
out all the benefits of regular planks
[Music]
one your core muscles strengthen planks
involve all the major groups of core
muscles including transverse and oblique
abdominal muscles and the buttocks their
strengthening will give you an increased
ability to lift heavy things form a
waistline and provide support for your
back to the risk of back and spine
injury reduces if you want to exercise
regularly without discomfort you first
should make your muscles strong planks
are an exercise that allows you to
strengthen muscles without unnecessary
strain on the spine perform them
regularly to reduce back pain
significantly and provide strong support
for your spine especially its upper part
also the plank is a safe way to increase
overall muscle mass
three your metabolism accelerates did
you know that everyday planks burn more
calories than other exercises planks are
especially useful for people who lead a
sedentary lifestyle a daily ten-minute
workout at home before or after work
provides a higher level of metabolism
throughout the day even during sleep for
your posture improves you'll start
keeping your back straight more easily
planks strengthen the abdominal back
neck shoulder and chest muscles as a
result you'll no longer want us to fine
your coordination improves have you ever
tried to stand on one foot what happened
if nothing good then your abdominal
muscles most likely weren't strong
enough perform the side plank regularly
and you'll learn to keep your balance
sinks you become more flexible
flexibility is the key advantage the
plank provides working out in this way
you stretch the muscles around the
shoulders scapula and collarbones biceps
and hip muscles also develop and your
feet in tones become flexible
seven your mood lifts up the placing
exercise affects your nervous system it
stretches and relaxes muscles which are
usually stiffened due to stress creating
tension throughout the body planks help
to get rid of anxiety and symptoms of
depression but only if you make them
part of your daily life do you perform
the plank exercise every day how does it
work for you
don't forget to hit the like button
below and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life